hello everyone the new video of kitchen and
today he prepared some meatballs from
potatoes and zucchini that I think are
truly delicious they are even more
good if fried so if it is not from
diet
I advise you to fry them and to make the
breading typically fax or breading
as in the video of tuna meatballs
which tell you the information boxes if
you had not seen it then with flour
the breadcrumbs
this time to keep it a little more
read I baked this on him
final result is as always the proof
a very good taste
I understand later however I eat and you
I leave the rest of the video or boiled a little
of potatoes to make faster
work already cut into cubes not made
too many I thought they were less
however eni are these here in reality
they can also be set by hand
in fact I know that if it is true that it is too much
I go with my hands immediately change of
program then for potatoes are
too and this makes m here
if you had the potato masher you will have only
crushed to give but I do not have e
so it crushes me so much up
soft are the same in short, mi
I'll put mine in here also drain
zucchini because I also had a state
little bit of zucchini but not here
ask me so many things
dose you put this out well
recipe so don't worry about it
mind for doses
these minced apples I added two eggs
if you do they paid me and a new one is enough
sure though I don't like to bet on
eggs and everything in here in the
potatoes here I add the breadcrumbs a
sufficiency rises
and black pepper
I have been fixed lately , but with the
pepper
I'd put a single one on board too
a little bit intel and lately it is a
must for me just this valentina that
so I don't need it anymore mix all the
breadcrumbs I need to get absorbed
let's face it is the humidity of the zucchini
obviously it's still too hot I go
with the shovel so soft in this one
recipe actually you could put the
grated zucchini then raw
you would avoid the passage of pouring them
why so much grated once
they become very thin so they cook
really fast so don't pay attention to
fry it so I try to pay attention
little with breadcrumbs and certainly then
you will have the crunchiest breading outside and
so they could be softer
inside, however, I have to put them in the oven
I prefer it to be more directly
thick here I have preheated the oven
at 180 degrees at this point when I think
that my compound is ready to prepare
a baking sheet with a bit of parchment paper in
a dish will pay lighthouse but stalker
or so finished and start making
meatballs
it's a kind of little ball to see if
I have to look for the other breadcrumbs
I hope I have emigrated anyway
he hands these sticks together
so much and therefore seen the advice i
flyers and the square in the pan
sorry the more crooked shot of the
world aided and lots of meatballs
I have no information about 180 degrees
minutes
here they are, I don't add oil or anything
obviously breading won't come
in short, crunchy fragrance
feast de sufficient with very heavy things
or at least not always
and we wait for oven work and here we are
here is the end result
cute as you said fried
obviously they are much much better
but even so they manage
I already am already 1 in the intro and me
I finish are very light because of the
end there is no oil there are only
two eggs but you have seen how many how many
they obviously came out so I'm very
much less read anything though
really let me know what it is
think frankly if you tried them
to redo and hello